So in this section we're going to use a type of neural networks we're called convolutional neural networks.
OK.
So if you guys are not familiar with the term neural networks in general I just here are going to give
you an overview of what you mean by a neural network and then we get to move forward to develop so-called
convolutional neural network.
And then afterwards we're going to just jump into the with a notebook and actually start to develop
our code.
OK.
So the first step is OK how can humans learn.
The whole idea of designing artificial neural network is to imitate our human brain how our human brain
works.
We're just going to take whatever whatever we have with the theory behind it.
I was going to do it were presented in a mathematical form.
It's really powerful.
It's really like really really passionate personally about like neural networks in general and you know
deep learning in general.
So as you can see here this kind of image that shows how can we humans learn in general.
So I wouldn't central nervous system in our brain in general.
We have kind of billions of neurons.
These neurons keeps firing.
OK.
So when you say fighting that means these neurons collect data or collect information from others what
we call a dendrites.
OK.
Process information within the nucleus and generate the output.
Or the learnings out of it into what we call the axon which is kind of the output of the neuro in a
very simple form.
OK.
And these neurons billions of neurons are talking to each other as we are learning as we go and the
learning happens by changing kind of the trends of the what we call it the weight here.
As we begin to describe it in mathematical form.
OK.
So then you can simply collect signal from input channels or call dendrites process the information
in the nucleus and generate an output to the axon.
OK.
So human learners as we adaptively change the strengths of the bonds between the neurons.
So we change the sense of the bonds between the neurons.
That's how humans learn.
And that's what we want to do it mathematically.
OK so how can we do it.
And how can we present a Meuron in a mathematical form.
So we can do it in a code then we can put it on a microprocessor or computer or whatever and then we
can actually kind of create our many brain Percey.
All right.
So as you can see here this is basically the model of our neuron in a very simple form.
We took our human neuron and it presented it mathematical For OK.
OK.
Our neuron our biological neuron in a way it has a nucleus right.
So let's sort of present this simply by having kind of a summation element.
OK we can have certain inputs bunch of inputs these inputs and multiply them by weights.
OK.
And then we're going to do kind of an additional.
So we can multiply the inputs by the way it's sum them up and add kind of a bias that can shift basically
the learning or shift the values up and down.
Okay.
And then afterwards we can the output from here can just multiply by.
Again I don't want to go into the math mathematics when applied because what's called activation function
f.
It might be let's say exponential value which might be let's say sigmoid function it can be whatever
function.
And then the output we're going to be connected possibly to another neuron and so on so forth let's
get hundreds of them let's get thousands of these neurons connect them together.
And congratulations you have just a brain.
You can't teach that many brain whatever you want.
OK so what does the network look like.
That's actually a very simple form what a neural network or artificial neural network looks like.
It has a bunch of inputs right.
It has bunch of outputs and a bunch of what we call it hidden layers.
We're just going to put whatever values or even numbers of people they are as much as we can in here
and we simply connect all the inputs to the hidden layers.
So each of the neurons connected to all the news is next.
And then all the neurons connect to the current all the newest next and the next layer the hidden layer
all of them will connect to the next layer and so on.
So guys can see here connect the output one can operate to and so on.
And that's how can we build our intelligence in a way.
OK so the question is how can we learn in the same fashion as humans learn by changing again the bonds
trends between the neurons.
What we going to do simply.
We're going to change the weights value once we change the weights value then we can kind of adjust
this network to learn specific patterns to tell us.
For instance in this case.
OK.
Once they see this kind of image OK I can tell you that this image tell us kind of a bag or maybe this
image that's kind of a hat and so on so forth.
OK.
That's the overall idea of designing or building an artificial one that was obviously a lot of math.
There's a lot of training behind that.
But this is what I want you to know when it comes to how to build just a simple neuron and build the
multiple layer of it.
And we'll see it's really simple very easy but you have been out fishing or network in general.
OK.
All right.
So again let's take a look at how can we perform kind of our training.
So I think it's here we have our network OK on your network.
Here we have our 10 12 classes which is again cendol code church whatever.
OK.
And here we have our Tany data sets.
Here we have all our dataset which is like you know 70000 images.
And our objective is we want to simply train the network to change these weights so we can tell us simply
ok when I see this image then I can classify it one of these classes.
OK.
So someone can tell me OK we're going to take the 28 by 28 pixels or simply I'm going to go take a row
which indicates an image and use it as an input directly here.
And let's go and train the network.
OK.
If you do this you will get terrible results.
Why that.
The point is we cannot treat networks in general.
OK.
We can see images in general in a in the same fashion as we treat let's say features or say let's say
other data samples.
OK.
When we deal with images we need to preserve and call it the spatial dependence between pixels.
OK so a bag when you specify an image of a bag or the pixels are independent.
On the other pixels around it.
OK.
That's why we need to perform kind of another process beforehand before we actually feed all the pixels
directly to our network.
We want to perform well convolution and that's where the term convolutional neural network came into
play.
OK.
So let's assume are going to start with our image again.
Twenty eight pixel twenty eight pixels greyscale image and we want to do that we're going to we're going
to run what we call convolutional layer.
OK.
Again it's very simple.
And I know the term might be a little bit confusing or like looks intimidating but it's very simple.
Well you know what we call it the feature detectors.
OK.
In a very simple form we're going to add these feature detectors.
OK I'm going to show you in the next slides.
What do you mean by this.
Well you know kind of the speech of the doctors on our image but form kind of a problem called convolution.
OK.
We can create these feature detectors with these feature detectors and then we're going to perform a
call of pooling.
OK we'll create the smaller sets of all these like pulling features.
And then afterwards we're going to flatten them and feed them to our network.
This kind of an overview of what's the convolution run network are we going to look like OK obviously
like you know what do you mean by pulling in by kernel's what they mean by all that we can discover
we're going to discuss that in a little bit more details.
This is a quick overview of what we want to do throughout the module.
Again we have our input image we wanted to classify the different classes.
We cannot simply take the pixel and feed them directly.
OK because we each pixel has to be dependent on the other pixels.
So that's why we're going to come up with all this mess we're going to do convolutions we're going to
do pooling.
We're going to flattening and so on.
So let's take a look at what do you mean by all these terms.
OK.
All right.
So I hope you guys enjoyed that section and see you in part two.